well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about ben
shapiro reviewing a music video
for real if you're on twitter i know
you're probably expecting me to talk
about his secondary commentary on
twitter
i'm gonna leave that to people with uh a
stronger comedic background than myself
because i'm certain those videos are
being made
as we speak because wow
i don't know if he's embarrassed but i'm
embarrassed for him
that was something else if you have no
idea what i'm talking about
ben shapiro reviewed a music video and
by reviewed i mean he read the lyrics
aloud
while feigning moral outrage and it's
pretty funny
admittedly it's an incredibly suggestive
video
it pushes the envelope fact
fact welcome to art it's what happens
but when he gets done being all in his
feelings
about the lyrics he asks a question that
always bothers me is this what feminists
fought for
first it's fight present tense because
of people like ben
because of people like ben see
they have a right to make this video
same first amendment right that he and i
use every day
i don't ever remember being asked
if if i was living up to
a standard that was set
if i was being a good little boy
and and doing with my rights what
what somebody else thinks i should it's
never happened
not to me probably not been
but it happened to them
because there's still that idea
that we get to have some kind of
paternalistic control
he goes on to say that feminism wasn't
about
making women independent full rounded
human beings
i would suggest that
most people i'm not so sure about ben
anymore
know that that part of a person's life
the bedroom
that that's part of the human experience
and that expressing themselves about
that in whatever manner they choose
because they don't have to justify it
that does make them independent
full and rounded
and see that's what that's what it's
about
it's still about control that's why
feminism is present tense
because while legally they have the
right
there's that societal pressure that
systemic
idea that they have to behave
like a little princess they have to do
what they're told
they have to fit into a mold and if they
step outside of that
and they appear promiscuous well
then it's time for somebody to come in
tell them what's what because they're
not doing what they should
with their rights
i wonder what would happen if somebody
went to ben
and told him that uh
well your second amendment right
yeah i don't really think you need this
particular one i don't think you should
use this
i wonder what he'd say
that's the thing about rights they exist
legally
they exist right now there's no law
stopping it right but there's that
societal pressure
i'm willing to bet that i could go
through ben's videos and his commentary
and i doubt i would find uh
him talking about a male model a male
movie star
objectifying himself because that
standard doesn't apply to us
at the end of the day that
objectification argument
can be made by some people but not been
not ben because his whole thing
is defending the very system that
requires it
that commodifies people their bodies
their
time everything
i'm sure that in ben's mind he and i are
different
than those women because we use our
mouths
instead of our chests
i don't think there is a difference
at the end of the day we are using
assets that we may have to try to exist
in this system a system that he
constantly defends as fair
and just and how it should be but
anytime
somebody from a group that isn't me and
him
the way we look you know
anytime somebody from a different group
tries to use that system and use the
same
things to get ahead
well he's right there to slap him down
i don't know you're not really living up
to what i think you should do with your
rights
ben doesn't like feminism got it cool
the the really cool part about it
is that if ben wanted to
he could help stop feminism all he has
to do is remember one thing
and that's that women have to be two
things
who and what they want they have rights
and that's a fact and facts do not care
about your feelings
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night